doc: TF-M updates for the NCS 2.0.0 release (#7614)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/includes/tfm.txt

> When built for the ``_ns`` build targets, the sample is configured to compile and run as a non-secure application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When built for an ``_ns`` build target, the sample is configured to compile and run as a non-secure application.
```
I think that'll account for samples with multiple board options better. If we don't, then "for the \`\`_ns\`\` build target" would be better.
